NSDL-CAS@nsdl.co.in -> Dear KOUSHALYA GOGIA,

 

Greetings from NSDL!

 

Your NSDL Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) for March, 2026 is enclosed.

 

NSDL CAS

- Single statement for all of your investments in the securities market.

- Easy tracking of your investment portfolio.

- Easy monitoring of the investment value and portfolio composition.

- Help to develop your strategy to manage your investments better.

 

Password : Sole/first holder PAN ******636L in capital letters.

 



eCAS@cdslstatement.com -> Dear NITIN GOGIA Hello from CDSL Buddy! Your Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) for the investments in Mutual Fund units (held with MF-RTAs) and Securities held in demat form with Depositories across Depository Participants is attached herewith. As you are aware, SEBI has mandated CDSL to issue CAS so that you can get a single consolidated view of all your investments in various demat accounts across Depositories and investments in Mutual Funds. The consolidation has been done on the basis of PAN of the first holder and pattern of holding. As per SEBI directive, where the statements are presently being dispatched by email either by the Mutual Funds or by the Depository Participants, the CAS is sent in electronic form (eCAS) and is same as a paper statement. The eCAS is password protected. Please follow the below instructions to open your eCAS:





Click on the attachment provided with this mail



You will be prompted for your password



The password is PAN ( in capital) of the first holder (Details of First holder : NITIN GOGIA, PAN : ******481L )



donotreply@camsonline.com-> CONSOLIDATED ACCOUNT STATEMENT - CAMS + KFintech

Dear Investor, Greetings from CAMS! Thank you for requesting your consolidated account statement through CAMS Mailback Services. The Consolidated Account statement brings both summary and detailed view of your Mutual Fund portfolio serviced by CAMS and KFintech. With the new features you can track and monitor your mutual fund portfolio composition with ease. The consolidated statement that you requested is available as an attachment to this mail. For security purposes, the statement is password encrypted. Please access this file using the password set by you while placing the statement request. 











